#### Model with extra variables ####

This folder contains the files pertaining to the model run with extra variables, namely: tweet lenght, presence/absence of image or video and presence/absence of external link (url). Following the suggestion of one of the two anonymous reviewers of the article, the model was constructed  to include more variables. Ultimately, however, this model was not used due to the problems outlined below. See the jupyter notebook for the model specification and the outputs.

The outputs show that there is a lot of uncertainty about the effects that the presence of the url and image/video have [see posterior](m.archaeology_posterior.png) - more so than the other variables. Futhermore, their inclusion artificially inflates uncertainty about the other paramters (for [topics](m.archaeology_posterior.png) and [user categories](m.archaeology_posteriorIntUsers.png)) the value of which now depends on higly uncertain effects of urls and images/videos. Given that we do not have a clear theory about how those extra variables interact with the context and content-related features we are interested in, this model is more difficult to interpret and adding variables does not necessarily improve it. 


However, taken at face value, the results would suggest that there is a positive effect of the length of the tweets (measured in character count) - bC - on retweeting, a negative effect of the presence of the url (url1), and a positive effect of the presence of image/video (img1). The inclusion of those values does not affect the overall effect of sentiment, threat, number of followers and user categories, but has some minor impact on the order of topics in regard to retweeting. For example, topic 17 in this version of the model has the highest posterior median, and there is some reshuffling within top, middle and bottom topics as compared to the model that does not include additional variables. This likely stems from the fact that the appeal of the tweets on certain topics may be more or less likely to be tied to the presence of images and urls. However, this does not affect the overall conclusions about the effect of the topic on popularity. 

